CNV-62386: Updated VM NIC hot plug/unplug docs (#96190)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-hot-plugging-bridge-network-interface-cli.adoc

* A network attachment definition is configured in the same namespace as your VM.

> * You have installed the `virtctl` tool.

Author: The `virtctl start` command is used in step 1 of the procedure, so IMO we should keep the prerequisite.

> * You have installed the `virtctl` tool.

Reviewer: I think that if the VM is not running - the hotplug / hotplug procedure is irrelevant - as from a user's perspective its better to just define what you want and start the VM over starting the VM and performing a hotplug / hot-unplug:
1. Its simpler and faster.
2. It doesn't consume the spare resources we keep to hotplugging NICs.
3. It doesn't involve migration.

> * You have installed the `virtctl` tool.

Author: Then I think we should remove step 1. This change will affect previous versions as well (4.14+) and will need a separate PR.

Not sure if it is obvious but maybe we can add "The VM to which you want to hot plug the network interface is running" as a prerequisite?

Do you mind opening a doc bug to address this? Thanks.

> * You have installed the `virtctl` tool.

Reviewer: > Not sure if it is obvious but maybe we can add "The VM to which you want to hot plug the network interface is running" as a prerequisite?

Makes sense.

> Do you mind opening a doc bug to address this? Thanks.

Sure.

$ virtctl start <vm_name> -n <namespace>
----

> . Use your preferred text editor to edit the `VirtualMachine` manifest and add the new network interface to the running VM. Editing the VM specification adds the new network interface to the VM and virtual machine instance (VMI) configuration but does not attach it to the running VM.

Reviewer: > Editing the VM specification adds the new network interface to the VM and virtual machine instance (VMI) configuration but does not attach it to the running VM.

I don't follow this part, could you please elaborate?

Reviewer: Thank you for the clarification.
How about emphasizing that the actual attachment will happen after the migration?
```suggestion
. Use your preferred text editor to edit the `VirtualMachine` manifest and add the new network interface to the running VM. Editing the VM specification adds the new network interface to the VM and virtual machine instance (VMI) specification. The new interface will be hot-plugged upon completion of the automatically initiated migration.
 ```

<2> Specifies the name of the network. This must be the same as the `name` of the new network interface that you defined in the `template.spec.domain.devices.interfaces` list. 
<3> Specifies the name of the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` object. 

. Run the following command for the new configuration to take effect. Applying the changes triggers automatic VM live migration and attaches the network interface to the running VM.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----
+
where:

> <filename>:: Specifies the name of your `VirtualMachine` manifest YAML file.

Author: Isn't the workflow like this - edit the manifest **and** apply the updated manifest for the changes to take effect?
